README.md, before:

# Otto3
This is a very simple voice assistant that uses SpeechRecognizer.
I've had a lot of trouble setting up a working environment for Uberi SpeechRecognition, however.  Pyaudio needs to be working right first.  Then you can install speechrecognition.  There are instructions here https://github.com/Uberi/speech_recognition  Even then, I had to install pyaudio using pip and then pip install speechrecognition.  In the end I've got it working.      

Add The GNUstep Speech Engine.  It works very well.  
I'd be interested in seeing how to change the voice.  

sudo apt-get install gnustep-gui-runtime
I may change this to use festvox for text to speech (TTS)  I think the voices are better.   

Then test it by 
say "hello"

I haven't started working on commands yet.  So far, Otto can 
listen, convert speech to text, and use that text to fire off commands.  There are two main reasons 
why I haven't really worked on commands.  First, I find the if then else structure unwieldy.  I want to write or find 
something that will lookup a commands action directly from a database.  The other reason is I'm trying to discover what
actions are better by voice.  My Echo already works fine for the weather, etc.  This is the sort of thing I have in mind:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRyYIIFKsdU    

If this interests you, it's is a pretty good start for building a voice assistant.  
It's easy code to understand, although I'll probably add a bunch of comments next to make 
this an even easier base to add to.  I Jesper is based on this as well.   

I put this together after watching John G. Fisher's video on YouTube: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoudIBVW9w&t=213s

He has his code here:  https://github.com/jg-fisher

What I'd like to do is make this project as simple and modular as possible; so that 
others can easily contribute.   

Cheers!
M

Commit message:

Updated readme to include video

README.md, after:

# Otto3

First of all, I've made a video that should help with setting this up: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwoZKKR6MRs

I forked this repository, played with it a bit, didn't make much progress, then left it alone for 17 months.
The video has me making progress.  This now runs somewhat.  First of all, I hate using a big if then else 
statement.  It's just bad coding.  So I intend to fix that.  Even a case statement sucks.  Please let me
know if you have some thoughts on this.  

What follows is some old text that I'm leaving for now but will update or remove later.  The video works.

This is a very simple voice assistant that uses SpeechRecognizer.
I've had a lot of trouble setting up a working environment for Uberi SpeechRecognition, however.  Pyaudio needs to be working right first.  Then you can install speechrecognition.  There are instructions here https://github.com/Uberi/speech_recognition  Even then, I had to install pyaudio using pip and then pip install speechrecognition.  In the end I've got it working.      

Add The GNUstep Speech Engine.  It works very well.  
I'd be interested in seeing how to change the voice.  

sudo apt-get install gnustep-gui-runtime
I may change this to use festvox for text to speech (TTS)  I think the voices are better.   

Then test it by 
say "hello"

I haven't started working on commands yet.  So far, Otto can 
listen, convert speech to text, and use that text to fire off commands.  There are two main reasons 
why I haven't really worked on commands.  First, I find the if then else structure unwieldy.  I want to write or find 
something that will lookup a commands action directly from a database.  The other reason is I'm trying to discover what
actions are better by voice.  My Echo already works fine for the weather, etc.  This is the sort of thing I have in mind:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRyYIIFKsdU    

If this interests you, it's is a pretty good start for building a voice assistant.  
It's easy code to understand, although I'll probably add a bunch of comments next to make 
this an even easier base to add to.  I Jesper is based on this as well.   

I put this together after watching John G. Fisher's video on YouTube: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoudIBVW9w&t=213s

He has his code here:  https://github.com/jg-fisher

What I'd like to do is make this project as simple and modular as possible; so that 
others can easily contribute.   

Cheers!
M
